Add type annotations to `hypothesis/internal/conjecture/engine.py` (#3961)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: patch

> This patch adds type annotations to `hypothesis/internal/conjecture/engine.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch adds some internal type annotations (:issue:`3074`).
Thanks to Andrew Sansom for his contribution!
```
